an unusual crowd in the ruins of Gaza
where indiscriminate Israeli bombardment
has killed more than 30,000 people since
October 7th Palestinians walking through
the ravaged streets looking at what
vendors have to sell for the holy month
of Ramadan but this year there are
barely any decorations on sale and
little money to spare to buy
them I've come here to buy some items
for Ramadan anything that may help us
revive the religious atmosphere in tent
we now live in anything that may bring
joy to little children just yesterday I
received the bad news that all my uncles
were killed along with many of their
children their homes were leveled I'm
trying to get at least some toys for the
famili surviving children something to
lift up their
Spirits Muslims worldwide will begin
observing the holy month in a few days
despite ongoing War around 2 and A2
million Palestinians will follow
tradition while displaced from their
homes and many have been doing what they
can to decorate the streets and Tents
but it's proving to be
difficult Ramadan is only days away and
I've come here to help my children live
the spirit of the month but everything
is insanely expensive for example this
cost 25 shekels it used to sell for only
seven needless to say that we ran for
our lives from Gaza and left everything
behind we're doing our best to bring joy
to our children and pray this month will
bring us some peace of
mind I have come here to get a lantern
for the holy month of Ramadan the
atmosphere isn't good this year because
of the war we are living in fear there's
no joy in life I'm getting the lantern
but do not feel any Joy Muslims refrain
from eating or drinking from dawn to
sunset during the month of Ramadan in
Gaza for some the Restriction will offer
respite due to dwindling food resources
while mediators were hoping for a
ceasefire no breakthrough has come so
far leaving many Palestinians to face
what they say will be the hardest ever
Ramadan bad mahichi Al jazer